I just lived like inertia
Stipulate
I'm going to work
me
I will repeat what I remember in my body
Lived in such a day-to-day
I keep working to hurt my body
I want to forget everything and keep on doing my work
No Okazaki
If you give it up soon, the house will end soon
Now it's is grateful for us to do various
If you only work so much you will kill you
I will not put a tray
I'll be fine
I love doing it
Hey I'm resulting in about know delay should have him live occasionally nice house
It was painful after work and on days off
I just used money to kill my time
If you look at the reality
Damage Ya collapsed from feet
This city is hate what
Not even after the say to what anywhere above but the city
I live to think nothing
What also did not want to think
I wanted to forget everything
All was wrong
I thought so
That I was one after another
Having a relationship and getting married
And that made the children
All that
It was wrong
You only have only the Satasa
Inside
ni
Kana hilarity is good
I'm also good toni
Here Iei
Good good
ni
me
This program will be sent by sponsorship provided
If it were to become dark by shaping from the heart
I can not do it alone
I knew that
Because
Because I
Because I was not a person
What entered
I remembered sad things
This world is sad
The living child will be pure white
If I can not move
This time you will be alone.
Yes
Tea and VI that the subcutaneous
I'm sorry I still missed you
Another
I came alone or yes alone
Please wait a moment Oh I do not put from have I bought here
Hmm
I guess it is today
Hahaha
The failure rate goes out a little and refreshes and mentors
Mr. Yoshino also often says so
I stood go out alone in such hot
The chain will test data
What happened
Besides, if you want to date a young person in my soul
Then if you find someone else instead of me it's rice
Tomoe's it's a type of my favorite Te formula to say about to hug to
There is no such thing
I am only sweetened with sharks
It has changed a lot so don't you come to the station front
Finished here
Can you take this summer summary s new ?
Toretore
From it is said noisy company
Won't you go somewhere or alone?
It's quite sometimes It's nice too
But let's all go out with regret
Everyone
I Mae by other countries also annoying Why
I have to eat drink and introduced Ms. Akiya's your eaves the first time that let's go together
But I will come
I'll think about it
Do you not decide to go on a space-time trip
I 'm not thinking about the window anymore , I 'll call it back after surgery
there were